they cannot choose what they
witness the deaths of
others and the grief of their
Elders thousands have
died Farah Hassan was 2 and a half years
old and was killed by an air strike on
October
27th she came late in the life of her
parents
abir and
Muhammad reaching now for the comfort of
memory
for four weeks now our journalists in
Gaza have recorded the impact of the war
on its
children those who survive live with the
trauma but there is another story that
speaks of gaza's children and a longing
for Joy 12 years ago they created a
world record for kite flying a
Transcendent
moment and even now amid all the war has
taken there is also
resilience children making worlds of
their own within the
war 12-year-old lean kalaf finds comfort
in her family when the bombing
starts my mom calls my brothers and
sisters to hug them she says and we hold
each other's
hands in the grounds of alaxa hospital
staff and the children of refugees
surgical gloves make little
balloons this after one of the heaviest
nights of air strikes
yet
[Music]
in another part of the hospital more of
gaza's children were being
mourned little Mariam
[Music]
[Applause]
al-masri
[Music]
but who can console who
here fle Kean BBC News
Jerusalem